to mughal the Google of World of
Warcraft transmog Vince cloth edition of
Mughal is exclusively for mages says
frost mage says Arcanus check the links
in the description for more information
on each particular piece and we start
off with the shoulders brutal
gladiator's silk amis yes pass me Thomas
storm window gamar PvP vendor very easy
to get 140 honor points for the level 70
PvP shoulders the chest piece mmm the
tailoring eban we've robe looks awesome
tailoring wrath allege king level or
check your local auction and can you say
purple sindhura sash of the servant as
jewel de rub what a name heroic mode
that's the dungeon and of Iraq is the
boss twenty percent drop rate the boots
knitter we boots bc tailoring probably
about eight gold at your local auction
house or check your local tailor very
very easy to get I am digging this set
looks awesome on a blood elf email
but what about the gnomes well we got
one here Yvonne we've gloves tailoring
wrath of the lich king level check the
auction house check your local tailor
not difficult to make so very very
attainable the cloak my favorite clock
in the game the only dark gray cloak in
the game gilded thorium cloak Cara's an
the best rate in the game to rush
straight and hoof is the boss twenty
percent is the drop rate and the helm
brutal gladiator's silk cowl storm 10
kamar pvp vendor 175 honor points to
look like a noob even though most women
aren't into trolling we have a female
troll showing off the offhand piece as
you can see pretty simple to get and
last but certainly not among the least
the weapon flesh carving scalpel sounds
like a butchery kind of thing naxxramas
heroic 10 man professor putricide who
looks like the Michelin Man I think not
sure fifteen percent is the drop rate
whatever it is by you morning afternoon
or evening make the best of it leave a
like tell me if you like it have a good
day